2.1.5
1. The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
    Control Unit, Arithmetic Logic Unit, and the clock.
2. The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three buses?
    Data, Address, and Control buses.
3. Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access?
    Conventional memory is outside the CPU and it responds more slowly to access requests.
    Registers are hard-wired inside the CPU.
4. What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle?
    Fetch, decode, execute.
5. Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory operand is used?
    Fetch memory operands, store memory operands.

2.4.3
5. What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller?
    The 8259A PIC controller handles external interrupts from hardware devices such as the
    keyboard, system clock, and disk drives.

2.5.2
1. Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and portable?
    The application program level.
3. Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates with the computer's hardware?
    New devices are invented all the time with capabilities that were often not anticipated
    when the BIOS was written.
4. In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the operating system and the video contoller
    card?
    The BIOS level.
5. Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that used by a computer running Linux?
    No. The same BIOS would work for both operating systems. Many computer owners
    install two or three operating systems on the same computer. They would certainly not
    want to change the system BIOS every time they rebooted the computer.

2.8
7. Which part of the CPU performs floating-point arithmetic?
    The floating-point unit
8. On a 32-bit processor, how many bits are contained in each floatin-point data register?
    48
9. (True/False):The x86-64 instuction set is backward-compatible with the x86 instruction set.
    True
10. (True/False):In current 64-bit chip implementations, all 64 bits are used for addressing.
    False
12. (True/False):Static RAM is usually less expensive than dynamic RAM.
    False
19. (True/False):A bus is a plastic cable that is attached to the motherboard at both ends, but does not sit directly on the motherboard.
    False
20. (True/False):CMOS RAM is the same as static RAM, meaning that it holds its value without any extra power or refresh cycles.
    False
25. At which level(s) can an assembly language program manipulate input/output?
    Level 0
26. Why do game programs often send their sound out directly to the sound card's hardware ports?
    Because it's faster
